it was a reunion that couldn't come soon
enough tonight a local mom got a chance
to thank the firefighters who helped to
bring her little one into the world and
that special delivery happened in the
driveway of the Lincoln Park fire
department
here's Fox 2's Robin Murdoch with the
update hey there's a special package
right there this reunion between
firefighters and the baby they helped
deliver was do even though little Aubree
wasn't due for another week I actually
was going into contractions at like 11
o'clock in the morning but they're like
15 20 minutes apart so I didn't think
anything I thought I just braxton-hicks
and then they got really close together
really really quick Amanda Manning and
her aunt never made it to the hospital
that day instead they had her baby right
here in the driveway of the Lincoln Park
Fire Department from basements and
crawlspaces to front seats of cars you
know you never know where it's gonna
happen
Aubrey was Andy and lers 18th delivery
and his firefighter friend Dennis's
second right now it's a kind of
overwhelming no just to see her now you
know I'll cleaned up and doing fine you
saw her on Monday they all were called
Aubrey's unexpected arrival she didn't
believe me when I told her I was having
the baby in the car that happened way
quicker than any of Amanda's three other
kids and amazingly way smoother too hats
off to mom 90% of it was done by the
time we got there and she just needed a
little support just a couple details at
the end we were very fortunate to be
there and Amanda was happy to have them
there it's the beginning of an
unbreakable bond and an unbelievable
birth weighing in at 5 pounds 13 ounces
this little lady is already making an
impression they're awesome
I couldn't ask for a better help thank
you
thank you so much for Amanda wants the
firefighters who help bring her baby
into the world to be part of her world
that's why she plans to bring little
Audrey here every so often so they can
see her grow up
reporting from Lincoln Park Robin
Murdoch Fox 2 News